Changelog April 28 (#5872)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## April 28, 2023

#### Feature flag snippet
![posthog feature flag snippet](../images/blog/array/flag-snippet.png)

> Feature flags are a staple feature for PostHog, but we've added a bunch of new ways to add them to your product this week, depending on which libraries you're using. You can now choose to see a payload, bootstrap or local evaluation version of the snippet, making it easier to add feature flags to your app and start testing changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flags are a staple feature for PostHog, but we've added a bunch of new ways to add them to your product this week, depending on which libraries you're using. You can now choose to see a payload, bootstrap, or local evaluation version of the snippet, making it easier to add feature flags to your app and start testing changes.
```

Feature flags are a staple feature for PostHog, but we've added a bunch of new ways to add them to your product this week, depending on which libraries you're using. You can now choose to see a payload, bootstrap, or local evaluation version of the snippet, making it easier to add feature flags to your app and start testing changes.

#### Experimental: DOM explorer mode
![posthog recording dom explorer](../images/blog/array/dom-recording.png)

> Session replays usually capture images, rather than the DOM, but engineer Ben White thought it would be 'a cool thing' to change that. And, presto, we now have an explorable DOM mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our session replays look like video, but we really we capture the DOM and make that look like video. Engineer Ben White thought it would be 'a cool thing' to use the DOM for debugging. And, presto, we now have an explorable DOM mode.
```

Author: Technically correct. The best kind of correct.
